the calling these things with
wheels hoverboard who who came
up with that name
through these things with wheels
wheels they're not hovering over
anything I refuse to call it a
hoverboard is some kind of its
like I don't know what it is
it's fun for sure and but I have
high standards we know what
we're after with a hoverboard it
supposed to cover what is being
passed off as a hoverboard today
clearly is not hovering over
anything so I'm still waiting
for the hoverboard the real one
and I have not test driven one
of these hover boards I've used
segways before her and others
where you're leaning where you
leave your body is the direction
you go kind of fun to do that
but when the Segway was invented
in call it a jet pack it in lie
about what it is and so yeah I'm
still waiting for the flying car
in the overboard come back to me
when that when those come out
and have a conversation again